welcome back have you heard of
therapeutic yoga well one studio in
orchard park is helping cancer survivors
and patients while also raising money
for the cause 7 Eyewitness News reporter
Jacqueline estados has our story tonight
41 year-old sarish of luskey is a mother
yoga instructor and breast cancer
survivor three years ago October 11 I
was diagnosed with stage 2 B breast
cancer she fought the disease and one
but Sarah says it was a long road once
the treatment stopped I was kind of like
wait a second what do I do now and
that's where all of the fear kind of
started to come in distrust of my body
completely insomnia that's when she
returned to yoga opening the door for a
new level of healing not just for
herself but for others as well now she's
sharing her knowledge and power of
therapeutic yoga inside shine studio in
Orchard Park class that I offer is
specific for breast cancer survivors I
can provide in a classroom environment
the support that they need the poses
that will help them the most
forty-eight-year-old Katie Reynolds also
had breast cancer she recently finished
her treatments and says yoga has helped
her get back on her feet the breathing
is a big thing with the lymphedema and
you have to make sure you're breathing
properly to help pump all the lymph
fluid through your body and Sarah says
this class not only helps these patients
physically but also emotionally and the
yoga has helped me calm down and refocus
and just pull it all together you know
plus having the camaraderie of other
people who friends
Bank room Sarah says she's not stopping
there all this month a portion of the
money coming into the studio those two
breast cancer awareness she says she has
one goal in mind helping people after an
illness or an injury to create a plan
that allowed them to get past the pain
and to also live their lives